Well, coming up to where in OSS during the war we're blanketed into other agencies.
That was going to be my last question on this point.
Even though there are, there were a great number of loyal Americans, the public record now
shows that OSS was the victim of a highly successful plot of communists by SB&R's infiltration.
And there have been persons high in rank in OSS who have since both days involved the
victim amendment to whether they were engaged in SB&R's before the Senate Internal Security
Subcommittee presided over by so great American Senator McCarran and then later Senator
Jenner.
Is that right, too?
Right.
Nothing further.
I rise to point a personal part of the U.S.
So far as the prior CIA, to turn it, I was not thinking of the late great General
Van Bergh.
I was thinking of a colonel with whom I grew up, who is now working for the CIA.
I have no doubt that we have communists and agencies in the government.
I also have no doubt that the Soviet Kremlin leaders would hope that we have this union
with respect to all government agencies under this Republican administration.
So far as the OSS has concerned, somebody hate it, these initials to me as a correction
with respect to the CIA was technically correct.
I know literally nothing about it except I do know that one of the greatest and one
of the most courageous human beings that I have ever known is Bill Donovan and Rachel
Melovanna-Winner, who ran the OSS during the war.
Mr. President, no further question.
Mr. Wokey, I have ten minutes and before you take them before your time starts, I
wanted you to turn the benefit of the hard-working members of the press and the photography and
the radio television core, the conversation which we had during the recent.
When I suggested it seemed to me that probably the committee members were taking more time
with questions and statements that afternoon that you might have anticipated that it might
specifically be running rather long, if we were to press for an adjournment today and ask
you what you thought about it and I want you to do it like to express yourself so that
our friends out in front of the guidance that you really are the key man in the time situation
now.
Mr. Chairman, I think you flatter me when you say I am the key man.
It is true that we have moved more slowly today than I have supposed.
It was true last night that I rather felt we might include today.
It is unhappily true that today is one of the, well, with a single exception, one day
when I have not felt quite up par physically, which is that I would like to say not fight
lightning.
It follows that we can't say tonight as I do it even if we ran late.
And my only wish would be that we would either adjourn at the regular time or slightly
ahead of that.
And I could then say that assuming the temperature stress is up pretty dearly at an end,
surely around the middle of the day tomorrow, I think we would come to a conclusion.
But dear President, perhaps we could finish with the conclusion of the morning session.
Mr. Welch, I think we might have once again guessed that we strived at the regular time
that we take a recess tomorrow, depending on how in the morning.
And by running late at some time, it's now what we might get.
Once again, depending somewhat on what happens to this side of the table.
I realize you haven't controlled very much of the time, so that will depend on my colleagues
that I have talked with them.
They are narrowing the end of their questioning, until I was hosted by tomorrow.
And they pass more frequently and feel that you have the more consecutive opportunities to talk.
Thank you, sir.
And I may proceed with a ten minutes to start the clock.
Then at the moment, I want to say something to you, sir, with some gravity upon it.
I have on more than one occasion heard you say, casually, both.
Now that the Army charges have proved entirely false, unfold.
And you have said such things. Have you not?
Yes, sir.
As I have said, the Stephen Adams charges.
Yes.
This is not an Army charge.
May I remind you, Senator, with all humility on my part,
that you are a witness in this case and not a judge, when you agree to that, sir?
The ramwit was.
And not a judge.
And not a judge?
Yes, sir.
That's right.
And that your testimony today, and what you may hear after you give, must be weighed on the one hand by this committee.
Is that right, sir?
You said it pretty much way, my...
Yes, sir.
My obviously.
And the country, much also, or will at least make up its mind.
Yes, I think the jury was watching on television.
We'll make up its mind watching all the witnesses.
And the I think that to your senator, that whatever the outcome, it would be more grateful at least,
for you to await the verdict rather than to announce it so you think from the witness, sir.
But there, well, my...
I tell you, sir,
that when you were anyone else, makes charges against my staff,
which are charges which are completely unbounded,
and you and I will agree now that the charges against Mr. Carr were completely without foundation,
that I will not be graceful of some sort of a situation.
I've got to do it.
Let's make it clear, Mr. Welles.
This is no game.
When I hire, when I get these young men to come down here, Mr. Cohn, Mr. Carr,
and I get them to come down, and I warn them ahead of time,
but they're going to be smeared by every left-wing communist publication of the country.
I didn't anticipate that the smear would extend the places where it has.
And I just want to tell you, Mr. Welles,
as long as it proves them now that those charges are completely fraudulent, completely unfounded,
I don't think they're dancing graceful about my trying into my,
that there's something truthful about them.
Now your name was trained to the charges, Mr. Welles.
Your name was trained to the charges.
I am not accusing you of having popped them up.
I don't think you did.
I think you were merely the lawyer in the case, brought him, told the fact,
and drafted that they can find that any lawyer was.
But I repeat again, I repeat again, sir,
that now that it has been proven that Mr. Cohn and Mr. Carr
guiltly have only one crime, namely that they fight communism,
that they fight communism, that they work making day to day to do that.
As far as I am concerned,
they have all of my ability,
all the power of mind and body that I have to prove how dishonest,
how fraudulent those charges are.
I hope that answers your questions, sir.
Have I ever suggested to you, Senator,
that we are sitting in this room playing a game?
I would think from watching you, Mr. Welles,
that you do not grasp the seriousness of this threat.
I would think that if you did,
if you did, maybe you would have worked with the committee
trying to call this all after it appears
those don't-american charges,
so we could get back to exposing some.
Senator McCarthy, I work at an address
where there are men with house limbs
who lost them fighting communism,
and where men confirm, confirm,
warnings to my colleagues about the possibility of a war
that may be closer to us than either you or I know.
And those men with whom I confer are going to fight that war,
and many of them are going to die if we have it.
Don't think, sir, that under those circumstances,
I think we are playing a game.
I am only suggesting to you, Senator,
that as to this case, which has to be done
to design the way to entire front of people
and in part by the committee,
it would be grateful for Welles
and not to announce that your charges are completely false
and that the army is surely a complete winner
and that we might all as well go home tonight.
And I think that it will permit me to say it.
It would be grateful for you to await a burden
to drive those who are placed in a position
to render the burden to Welles.
May we go on or would you like to say something?
I would like to come on that one, too.
Well, you said that you have had contact
with Manila Adlem's reports in the last four.
When I tell you, Mr. Welles,
but just to certain that you sit here today,
the four months we've wasted on this hearing
called on by your clients will result
in the end with many more young men,
being with us limbs.
While we investigate these fraudulent charges
of your wealth, there are communities working
in our defense plan.
There are communities being left unmolisted in our government.
That is the tragedy of this hearing.
The only good thing about it is that I believe
the American jury, if I judge the reaction
I've gotten properly, are getting a picture,
a picture of the seriousness of the situation,
a picture which Mr. Welles done fortunate to am afraid
of some of us in this room do not have.
The I only say to that senator,
which is Senator Matata,
that has to every day in with any subversive
most harmonious threatening this country.
But he is reachable by the army in any way.
If you in the last weeks had given their names
to the army or if you would give them to the army now,
they would either be under surveillance
or suspended or kicked out.
Mr. Welles, don't pull that on me.
Do you not know Senator?
Don't pull that on me sir.
Don't you know?
Don't pull that on me.
Don't forget to be there if you will be
that the United States army is going to cut it
on top by letting communists cut its borders
and say they will be.
Don't kill these girls.
The United States army doesn't fight Congress.
You do not have a monopoly during that field.
You do good work.
I aspire to work through two-and-a-half minutes and 16.
But for these things, sir,
steadily, day by day in this government,
not only in the arms,
but in the hands of the army and in the air for them
throughout the government,
as you know, the fight goes on and on and on.
And you should raise your eyes with me
that there are people after communists tonight
in a dangerous museum.
Mr. Welles.
I think you and I should be on the same side in this fight.
I think essentially we are.
You tell me that if I would give the names of communists,
you say to the army,
let's make it clear, Mr. Welles.
This is no contest between our committee and the army.
I, as far as I know,
have the uniform man and the military
pulled partially back up
any effort to get the huge traitors,
the two rotten apples that set the four out of the barrel.
We intend to continue to do that.
Now, the only way on earth that our committee can now
get back to its job
is to end this investigation.
And I think it has served a purpose.
And then when we do that,
we have a vast amount of work to do,
which we intend to do.
And may I say,
I hope we can do it.
I hope we can do it
with the cooperation of your clients, Mr. Welles.
But with or without such cooperation,
take my work forward, we will do it.
And that connects your senator
and in a calmer move perhaps.
Your committee does have one thing
that no executive department has,
and that is the power to subpoena,
if that's not so, those tricks.
And that's, you agree,
it's an important power.
Very important.
And once you know the location
of a real army,
then you can expose him swiftly.
I think the easier person is to answer.
Right. You are right.
You have that wonderful power,
subpoena, and it's good that you have it.
On the other side,
at least from the picture senator,
people like the army and the Navy
and the Air Force
have the power of surveillance,
which you can't do with 14 men.
You agree to that, too, don't you?
Well, you're 100% correct.
We only have a few regulators.
And that's the millionth.
They have hundreds.
And that can be important.
Because if you have a suspected communist,
and you've been putting him under surveillance,
and you're watching closely,
and I'll be late, turn up, not only once,
but that communist and nine others making him.
Yes, I think that putting a man under surveillance,
while it's a very complicated procedure,
I believe it takes six men on average
to keep the man under surveillance for 24 hours.
I think that's a very important thing.
Right.
So when you say there could be cooperation
between New York and the Biddy,
and someone like the Army or the Navy or the Air Force,
I agree with you that that is sublimely true, sir,
and I agree with you that peace has a weapon,
an important weapon,
that the other one does not have.
You're right.
I'm welcome.
I thought I had a desire.
I wanted to be a commander of the committee,
and they feel, if you feel,
that they haven't perhaps murdered one ten-minute periods
each left, and not all of them have that.
And if you feel that will give you ample time tomorrow,
we're willing to make them, we say,
now because you say you're not feeling quite as much.
It could be that that would mean to somewhat like lunch,
which I don't think anybody would know,
unless we have to run a little late.
And it could even be eye-wrong, be wrong,
they're tired to death.
I think we could finish by lunch,
and even if we were a little late,
we'll certainly have to go meet session two o'clock tomorrow morning.
You have just heard Chairman Montenau,
the next session of the hearing will be at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
The ABC Television Network is bringing you
the complete hearings into the McCarthy Army controversy.
The UNIQ has announced the three sets until tomorrow at ten a.m.
when it is expected that tomorrow session will see the close of the hearing.
That seems to be the general consensus of opinion here.